I feel like I feel like one of the
biggest noobs in the world right now I
probably am the biggest noob in the
world right now to be honest with you
and I'm going to explain why in just a
minute but you rope a league action
seven points in three games yes seven
points in three games top but a group a
win today when today probably sends us
into the knockout stages for sure the
last year opal League performance was a
bit disappointed but Before we jump to
the X let me quickly tell you if you
want cheap reliable coins make sure to
check out the description down below for
UT coin traders now why am I massive
noob well a man that's on the ball right
now huddleston he's been sitting on the
bench the entire time and I actually
forgot he was on my team the way I
remembered he was on my team was when he
sent a message saying that he want to
leave the club I say I mean he said I
want out he's like I want to be
transferred you don't play me I want to
be transferred and I was like oh damn oh
damn I mean it's kind of crazy to me
because this this whole season I've been
giving Fellaini so much playing time
when I had Huddleston and Huddleston's
kind of the same player as Fellaini in
this game it seems like maybe maybe even
not I don't want to say better but he's
up there with Fellaini here's so much
like its solar so much they both have
like little afros and they're both
pretty big dudes and they both pass the
ball well and they both win the ball
back very well now I've been saying
since Fellaini showed up here come on
but not been saying since Fellaini
showed up here that I'm not a hundred
percent uh uh like happy with him I feel
like he should be performing a lot
better for especially with the money
that I paid for but Huddleston now I'm
on a mission to make this guy happy look
at you look at a I go going ham unlucky
for him but I'm on a mission to make
Huddleston happy because I don't want
nobody at my team is saying they want to
leave or they don't want to be here it
just causes problems you don't want that
now I'm on a mission to make him happy
because even if he does want to leave if
I play him and
good job here I go if I play him and get
his like the way he feels his form and
stuff if I get his form good and the way
he feels if I get him happy then I'll
sell him for a lot even if he still
wants to leave so I decided to give him
a couple goes in some games now no
playing a player with bad form is it's
not good for the team but it's gonna be
the only way I can really really make
sure that I could boost up the money I
get for him in the transfer window now
do I want to sell him um honestly I
didn't know when I got the message I was
like are you one out but then I looked
at his overall he's a 77 overall he's a
midfielder I mean he does things like
this you seen the biggest noob in the
world huddleston steps in smashes in
Apulia and gives us the lead and did it
in a solo effort well that's a good
start though she because that's good for
him he scored and that's very very good
for me because that allows um that
allows me to offside blue that allows me
to get his form up and stuffy scoring
goals he's playing well that's good
that's very very good also I made a
substitution at halftime i took out
Lennon I had letting lending playing but
Lennon just doesn't play well because
weddings a right midfielder and I
haven't playing right can he just
doesn't work well look at Huddleston
look at this guy he's on my shade dude
is an absolute tank he should have
scored right there so unlucky not to
have his second but look at him you
can't get him off the ball Huddleston's
play in the way that I thought Fellaini
would play for this team just um uh a
bulldog just wins the ball back runs
through everybody can't get him off the
block but that's how Fellaini was gonna
play and that's how Huddleston is
playing so here in the 84th minute look
who's there huddleston stops that attack
then here I don't stay with a good pass
to livermore livermore loses issue won't
put it on gives the Nelson elevator the
young portuguese man o unlucky therefore
nelson only veda 89th minute at this
point we were just trying to hold on and
make sure we walked out here with all
three points away from home in the
Europa League you always want to win and
oh my
days we get lucky to pull off this win I
think they should have got a goal there
at the end but Huddleston in my opinion
man-of-the-match stopped goals scored
goals was winning the ball back in the
midfield I'm telling you he's what I
wanted from Fellaini and look he got mad
of the match so that's gonna that him
getting man of the match thing is gonna
help his form go up and maybe even help
him wanting to stay with the club that's
very very important if I could make him
switch his mind and and stay with the
club that's that's that's my goal right
now I just I felt like a noob for not
knowing he was on my team I couldn't
believe I did that